This game teaches the player about the differences between ARM64 and x86 instructions. 
Every upgrade purchased by the player provides an info window the player can read while the game continues to progress. Clicking is set to be of little to no use on purpose so the player just has to wait. 
What will the player do while they wait? Hopefully read about the differences between ARM and x86!
When the player wants to prestige and make the numbers go bigger, they must complete a quiz asking them questions from the popup. 


AI Usage:
This project was made with the intent to try out TKinter and make a basic clicker game. 
During the process, I used ChatEDU to determine which information I wanted to provide, Claude to get a start on the framework of the project with its buttons and functionality,
and Codex to fine tune and change what I needed after it was finished. The entire glossary section was generated by Claude, and the information in the popups and questions were also generated by claude. 
I had ChatEDU and Codex double check the accuracy of the questions to the context in the popups, and both of them claimed differing issues. ChatEDU would argue Claude was too specific, and ggoing out of context of the project assignments. 
Codex just wanted to change everything (which was denied) without a realistic reason other than it hating the questions' guts. 

Pricing was fine tuned by me to make the early game reasonably slow but not too slow. I wanted to provide time to the player to read through the game. 

Total time spent on the project: ~5 hours, with maybe an extra 25 minutes given to tuning pricing and setting up codex on my machine. 
